♪ ♪
(jaunty music playing)
WARM FEMALE VOICE:
Your husband saw them
take a baby out of there.
And now he needs help.
(R&B music playing)
Side effects may include
dry mouth,
fatigue, headaches,
rage, melancholy...
Go to your assigned
fulfillment center
-to receive your family's EGG.
-(jaunty music playing)
Bring it home,
and let us take care
of the rest.
The EGG will make everything
okay again
and this time
it will be okay forever.
(whooshing)
-(birds chirping)
-(electronic warbling)
(clock ticking)
(gasps)
♪ ♪
(sighs)
Goddamn it.
(soft electrical buzzing)
(sniffing)
(sniffs, gasps)
-(birds chirping)
-(clock ticking)
(sniffing)
(doorbell rings)
MRS. JONES:
What do you mean,
you're losing time?
You, like, blacking out
completely or--
I don't know-- browning out?
You don't think
it could be odorless, do you?
Or could you be, like--
I don't know-- fainting?
I used to faint kind of
all the time in college.
No, no, no,
I'm whooshing lightly.
Fainting is down.
This is up, like a-a floating.
A... a whooshing floating.
And it's happened
more than once?
It happens at regular intervals.
I'll just be going about my day,
and then I hear this music,
a short sequence of chords,
and then a kind of lightness,
a whooshing.
And then, all of a sudden,
the next thing I know,
I'm waking up.
Up there.
Up in my bedroom.
I used to think your kitchen
got better light than mine,
but now I don't think it does.
And you chose these countertops
on purpose or...?
(scoffs)
God, if I could strike a match
and burn the whole place down,
I would.
Start all over again.
Would be something to do.
Right?
Unless you think
it's a brain tumor.
You don't think?
Well, did you call someone
to take a look at it?
You know, a handyman
or whatever his name is.
What is he gonna look at?
What is there to see?
It could be odorless
and colorless.
Oh, well, what did your phone
say about it?
I just...
I need you to be here
when it happens,
to watch
and tell me what happens.
Can you do that?
My allotted fulfillment hour
is at 1:00.
Oh. Right.
Do you think I should go to
my assigned fulfillment center
at 12:30 or 12:00?
They'll probably put us
in a line, I guess.
Is yours earlier?
Yours isn't earlier.
No, I-I'm not until 4:00.
4:00? (scoffs)
How do you even begin to wait?
You don't seem excited.
Are you excited?
No. I am. I am.
But you do still want it,
don't you?
Yes, I... No.
More than anything.
Yeah.
It'll be just like
the commercials say.
"Your family's EGG
will make everything okay again,
and this time, it'll make
everything okay forever."
Don't you just wish
they'd show it to us?
You know, a peek at this thing
that's supposed
to change our lives.
Mm, it'll be so great
if it somehow helps
with Xerxes' babysitting anxiety
or Xander's biting thing.
Oh. Oh, did Rex end up
liking his medication,
or not so much?
Shh!
(clock ticking)
Hold on.
I think it might...
♪ ♪
Submitted for your approval:
Mrs. Janet Warren,
a woman who would seem
to have everything.
Every... thing.
But possessions have weight.
We can't carry them all
at the same time,
especially when taking
an unscheduled trip
into The Twilight Zone.
(electronic chords playing)
(deep whoosh, click)
(The Twilight Zone theme
playing)
NARRATOR: You're traveling
through another dimension,
a dimension not only of
sight and sound but of mind.
It is the middle ground
between light and shadow,
between science
and superstition.
And it lies between
the pit of one's fears
and the summit
of one's knowledge.
You are now traveling through
a dimension of imagination.
You've just crossed over
into The Twilight Zone.
(birds chirping)
(sighs):
Ah.
Dad, what's "immolation" mean?
Well...
that's certainly a big word.
But I'll tell you.
You remember our neighbor
Don Parker?
Well, instead of
having a garage sale,
he just lit a match to his house
and burned everything
and everyone to the ground.
And that was that--
a fresh, clean start
for Don Parker.
But why do you ask, Billy?
Is there something or someone
you want to immolate?
Mm. I get it.
I really do.
But we can't all be
Don Parker, son.
But, you know,
there is a place we can go.
WARM FEMALE VOICE:
Come on over to
the Immolation Station, where
you get to play with matches,
-and you get
to watch it all burn.
-(fire roars)
-(laughs)
-MAN: Fire.
-WOMAN: Hey.
-WARM FEMALE VOICE:
Don't forget,
every Wednesday, kids eat free.
(piano playing gentle melody)
It's your  EGG,
and you want it
more than anything.
-(birds chirping)
-(clock ticking)
(dog barking in distance)
What happened?
Is this...
is this what's happening?
Did you hear the music?
Is this your bedroom?
I like the patterning.
It's brave.
-How did we get up here?
-Join the club.
Did I faint?
Did I hit my head?
Did we hit our heads?
(gasps) What time is it?
Did we...? (gasps)
I really ought to
get out of here--
I-I mean, oh, get going.
I saw the EGG.
Huh?
The EGG.
I'm telling you, I saw it.
Oh, well, no.
(chuckles) You couldn't have.
No, you didn't.
What do you mean
you just saw it?
Just now? Where? Was I there?
I don't know. It was like
I saw it in a commercial,
like a commercial
in my head, I guess.
I don't know. I just know
that I've seen one.
It's ugly.
Ugly, no.
(chuckles softly)
Yeah, I doubt that very much.
They wouldn't go
to all the trouble
to design and make something
that's, you know,
that's for all of us,
that will be the centerpiece
for every American home,
and then make it ugly.
No.
But don't you see
that none of us even knows
what it is or what it does?
Don't you think it's strange
that all we know is
that we have to have one,
everyone has to have one?
Strange?
What makes it so strange?
What if it has something to do
with whatever's happening to me?
The EGG.
What if it has something to do
with whatever's happening to us?
Oh, no.
(laughs)
No, no, no.
Don't include me in whatever
is happening here with you.
I just came over here
as a good neighbor to see
if there's anything
I can do to help you.
We might have
a  lot of the same things,
but we don't have
the same problems.
We just woke up on my bed
with our shoes on.
I have a twig in my hair.
That wasn't there
when you came in
and we were talking earlier,
was it?
I-I don't know if it was there
or if it wasn't.
I just know that
my hour of fulfillment is gonna
be here before I know it,
and I really ought
to be home, so...
Thank you.
Okay.
-No! Wait!
-(laughs)
Are you touching me?
What if they're connected?
The EGG and the...
the rushing, rising whooshing?
Ow! You're hurting me.
Something is happening here,
and you don't know what it is,
either, do you, Mrs. Jones?
I just want to be
at my fulfillment center
at my fulfillment hour
to collect my family's EGG
-like a normal person.
-No!
(yelling)
-(yelling)
(groans)
We do  not have
the same problems!
(cries)
(sighs)
(door opens, closes)
(sniffles)
-(line ringing)
-MEGHAN: Dick Warren's office.
This is Meghan.
Hi, Meghan. It's Jane.
Is my husband there?
Hi there, Mrs. Warren.
I'm so sorry.
Mr. Warren is in a meeting.
Is there a message
you'd like me to give him?
Oh, honestly, Meghan,
I can't imagine.
He did want to make sure
that I remind you
that your allotted hour
of fulfillment is 4:00 p.m....
Uh-huh. Yeah, I know.
You don't seem excited,
Mrs. Warren.
-Aren't you excited?
-(cabinet door closes)
Tell me something, Meghan.
Why do you want
your family's EGG?
Uh... because
it's coming out?
Of course, but...
But you don't have a family.
Do you?
No, but I do want everything
to be okay again.
And this time
for it to be okay forever.
Because things aren't okay
for you.
Oh, for me?
Things are cool.
But, like, for the world  world
out there, outside of me?
Outside of you, sure.
Um, Mrs. Warren, things are
really, definitely not,
like, in the world  world.
So definitely not  okay.
Like, not at all, not at all.
I mean, have you seen what all
these human beings are doing?
Interesting.
So you think it's something
for the whole planet?
Don't you think it'd better be,
Mrs. Warren?
Um, Mrs. Warren?
Hmm.
AUTOMATED FEMALE VOICE:
Welcome to the EGG
Customer Service Center.
Operator.
Please listen
to the following options.
-Operator.
-If you'd like to confirm
your hour of fulfillment,
please press one.
-Human being.
-If you've lost
your registration card,
-please press two.
-Real human being.
If you need to change
the pickup location
-of your EGG...
-Supervisor.
Okay. Supervisor.
Hello. How may we help you?
Yes, yes, hello.
Hi. Thank you.
Uh, yes, uh, well, I was hoping
I could talk to someone
about, you know, the EGG.
I was hoping
there might be someone there
that could tell me
just a little bit more about,
you know, what it is,
what it does.
What it is.
(musical tones sounding)
Okay, I'll transfer you now.
No, no, I don't want
to be tra...
(Muzak playing over phone)
♪ ♪
(tires screeching)
Marge.
God, everything's gonna be okay
this time.
It's gonna be okay forever.
Oh.
Marge Stevens.
What? What?
(gasping)
You got your EGG.
(nervous chuckle)
Can I take a look at it?
No. Huh.
Are you out of your mind?
I have to--
I have to get it inside. Inside.
(line ringing)
WARM FEMALE VOICE:
This is Meghan.
How may we assist you?
Meghan?
Um... Oh, uh, hello.
Hmm. Uh...
this is Jane Warren
of 13182 Teacup Road.
And... well,
I know this might sound strange,
but I was just wondering
if it's still possible
to cancel my family's EGG.
Cancel?
Yes.
I-I mean, you know...
Well-well, you see,
the thing is, I-I just,
I don't, I don't know, you know,
what-what it is, exactly,
or, you know,
what it's supposed to do...
(chuckles)
...exactly.
I mean, you know...
I just changed my mind.
And what is the reason
for the change in your mind?
Well...
I don't want it anymore.
I do-- I don't want
any EGG... anymore.
Uh... thank you, though.
Thank you.
Is there anything else
we can help you with today?
No. Um...
so you did it?
You canceled my order? You-you
canceled my family's EGG?
We are processing your request.
Okay. I see. Um...
so you'll just... confirm
and let me know?
Or... send a confirmation
to my...
(line clicks)
(birds chirping)
(lawnmower running nearby)
(door creaks)
♪ ♪
(jaunty music playing)
WARM FEMALE VOICE:
You've suffered
some tough losses,
and no one blames you
for crying in the kitchen
in the middle of the day.
You're heartbroken,
but you know how to choose
your paper towels.
Now with 43% more
clean-up power.
(gasps)
(hissing)
♪ ♪
(gasps)
(birds singing)
(line ringing)
(phone chiming)
(dog barking)
(woman clears throat)
Aquarian Portal,
where we're not happy until
the planets revolve around you.
Shaman-ess Chantal Stargazer
speaking.
How can I better align you
with your cosmic purpose?
Ah, Chantal, thank God.
It's Jane.
Oh... don't aggravate
the marinade.
Jane Warren.
Yes. Yes, yes, oh...
Oh, how magical.
Can we talk for a minute,
I mean, really talk?
-Like real human beings.
-(slurping)
Knock yourself out.
I don't want to
say this out loud, but
I think I might have been,
you know, taken.
(whispers):
Abducted.
-Abducted? By who?
-Do my planets say
anything about any of this
or anything?
The planets say,
"Today all well-worn and trusty
paths are covered over,
"and a new map is drawn.
"Only you have the power
to reroute
"the flow of the river
of space-time.
"Don't let yourself be swept up
by anyone else's dreams.
"Untether yourself.
Resist gravity and fly away."
Resist gravity.
Of course.
Let's see you
beam me up now, Scotty,
or whoever you are.
(breathing deeply)
♪ ♪
ALL (in unison):
Well, what do we...?
Well... what do...?
KANAMIT 1:
Well, what do we do now?
KANAMIT 2:
Its leg is stuck.
KANAMIT 1:
We could take it
without its leg.
KANAMIT 3:
Its leg is its best piece.
KANAMIT 1:
Mmm, all of this leg talk
is making me hungry.
KANAMIT 2:
Mmm, are we thinking original
recipe or extra crispy?
ALL:
Original recipe it is.
KANAMIT 1:
But we should take a vote.
KANAMIT 3:
What is it about
a single shared mind
that he doesn't understand?
KANAMIT 1:
Let's be careful
with our pronouns.
KANAMIT 2:
He understands everything
that you understand.
KANAMIT 1:
We  understand everything
that we  understand.
KANAMIT 2:
I love us.
KANAMIT 3:
I also love us. That is not...
KANAMIT 1:
We  love us.
ALL:
Yes, that really is best.
Well, what do we do now
about the madwoman
in the oxygen tower?
KANAMIT 3:
The transfer ray
will wear off soon.
Whatever we do,
we don't want it to wake up.
KANAMIT 1:
We are afraid of them
waking up.
KANAMIT 3:
Because they have
their own mind.
KANAMIT 2:
Their own terrible
desires and wishes.
KANAMIT 3:
Their own horrifying lack
of this
-and that.
-Hey!
I said "Hey!"
You can't just pull us out
of our lives, you know.
What, exactly, are you doing
with me, anyway?
ALL:
We don't know.
We only work here.
Is there someone I can talk to?
Uh, your... your leader.
Your supervisor.
Take me to your supervisor.
♪ ♪
My name is Janet Warren,
born Janet Davey,
July 7, 1974.
Five-six, 137 pounds.
When I was a little girl,
I got lost in an amusement park
for two hours,
but really I was hiding
in one of the backstage areas
with the mascot
character costumes.
When I was a junior
in high school,
I wanted to be
an Olympic ice skater
or a country-western singer.
But then I was none
of those things.
I'm married.
I have two children.
Two sons.
Two years ago I delivered
a stillborn baby girl.
The light in the room
was very harsh.
Very hard.
I hate the paint colors I chose
when we remodeled,
and I hate
the living room drapes.
I hate our cars.
I wish that I didn't have
all of the things that I have
and instead had
different things.
I'm afraid of spiders
and horses.
WARM FEMALE VOICE:
Yes, we know.
Where am I?
WARM FEMALE VOICE:
Are you comfortable?
Yes. Thank you.
Please do not make
any individualized,
threatening movements.
Threatening?
You're not afraid of me,
are you?
Are you comfortable?
Yes. Thank you.
But why are you afraid of me?
WARM FEMALE VOICE:
We are afraid of how often
you change your minds,
and so unexpectedly.
But surely you change
your mind sometimes.
Don't you?
Ours is a single shared mind.
To change it would require
the same energy needed
to reverse the flow of your
so-called Mississippi River.
One mind. That doesn't sound
very democratic.
In a democracy,
half the population
wants something different
than what they're getting.
We've seen how that can go.
You're talking about Earth.
What's left of it.
You've been watching us?
Yes.
Since first we heard
your radios.
Nineteen hundred
and forty-five,
the United States defeat Japan.
Nineteen hundred
and sixty-five,
the Beatles defeat
the son of your God, and so on.
Well, no, that's not
exactly right.
And then, in your 1950s, when
you started sending pictures,
we watched.
The trials of your kings,
the collapse of your towers.
We studied the applause
of studio audiences,
hoping it was evidence
of a single, shared mind.
You can imagine our
disappointment when we learned
it was artificial and canned,
like your diet colas.
But more than anything else,
we studied
your television commercials.
We struggled to understand
what was important to you,
what you loved.
What you wanted, what
you needed, and why, so often,
they weren't the same thing.
You have all of this
unbelievable technology,
and all you've been doing
is watching television?
Specifically,
we have been watching
your television commercials,
yes.
But we don't even watch our
television commercials anymore.
We've, I don't know, evolved.
We skip right past them.
It's true, you have evolved.
Commercials now grow
in the rich soil
of your unconscious minds.
And that matters to you?
It only matters
that humans are stopped.
But...
Okay.
But what did I ever do?
I'm not in charge
of anything, or...
any governments
or countries or...
The Kanamit understands that a
human being is most vulnerable
when it perceives
a lack of something.
All you ever did
is want something
other than
what you already had.
But that's anyone.
That's anyone around here.
That's, that's Ellen Jones,
that's Marge Stevens
from right next-door.
But your wanting
is powered by grief.
Like the great glittering
cities of your world,
we can see your wanting
from space.
My grief doesn't make
television commercials.
So you've been... monitoring us?
Watching our commercials
so you can see...
what makes us weak?
So you can what?
Invade us or something?
(gasps)
The EGG.
You know what it is, don't you?
Of course I know what it is.
Who do you think laid it?
Who do you think
laid all of them?
♪ Sunshine, lollipops
and rainbows... ♪
-Yeah!
-The idea wasn't ours,
of course.
The idea for the EGG was yours,
-Mrs. Warren.
-Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
(whoops)
(tires screech)
♪ And I feel... ♪
-(music stops)
-(chuckles)
WARM FEMALE VOICE: So that
everything could be okay again,
and this time okay forever.
And that's really
all we're doing.
Everything will indeed
be okay again.
-Uh-uh. Okay...
-Especially because
there won't be
any human beings around
to change their minds about it.
(snarling)
Uh-oh--
oh, that's not very nice.
-(crunching)
-Oh, God!
(screaming)
(loud pop)
(birds chirping)
♪ ♪
Hello?
Excuse me?
I wonder if you can tell me
what time it is on Earth.
I'd like to go back now, please.
I'd like to go home.
You won't be able
to stop anything.
And here with us,
you'll be safe.
I don't care about that,
and I don't want to,
for God's sake,
stay here with you.
I just want to be at my
designated fulfillment center
at my allotted hour
of fulfillment,
like a normal person.
You remember that you attempted
to cancel your family's EGG.
It's true, I did.
But that was
before I knew what it was.
It wasn't really canceled,
was it?
You understand
that your EGG is a spawn
designed to eradicate
the human race?
Yes.
That doesn't matter
to me, either.
You understand
that your EGG is...
Yes.
I understand.
And I know.
I just...
...want to hold it.
Even for a little while.
Because it's...
Well, it's mine.
(sirens wailing,
helicopter blades whirring)
(glass shattering)
(people screaming)
(explosion in distance)
-(explosion)
-(screaming)
(glass shattering)
(explosion)
(woman shouting indistinctly)
(people screaming)
It would be much, much better
if it was you who was
coming home with me today.
(glass shattering)
(screaming)
(alarm wailing)
("Since I Don't Have You"
by The Skyliners playing)
(man shouting indistinctly
over megaphone)
♪ I don't have plans
and schemes ♪
♪ And I don't have ♪
♪ Hopes and dreams ♪
♪ I don't have anything ♪
♪ Since I don't have you... ♪
MRS. DAVIES:
Jane, oh, Jane, you're here!
Because if anyone deserves
to have their own EGG, it's you.
Nine out of ten of us agree.
But it really does make
everything okay again.
And this time it's gonna be
okay forever. You'll see.
-Oh, you'll see!
-♪ I don't have ♪
♪ Happy hours ♪
♪ I don't ♪
♪ Have anything ♪
(laughs)
♪ Since I don't have you ♪
♪ You, you, you ♪
♪ You... ♪
Existential dread got you down?
Well, Mrs. Janet Warren
finally found relief.
Albeit for a limited time only.
But buyer beware:
all sales are final
here in The Twilight Zone.
Captioning sponsored by
CBS
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org